All right. I think this'll be an exciting video.
In this video, you'll see how to implement
gradient descent for your neural network
with one hidden layer.
In this video, I'm going to just give you
the equations you need to
implement in order to get back-propagation
or to get gradient descent working,
and then in the video after this one,
I'll give some more intuition about why
these particular equations are the
accurate equations,
are the correct equations for computing the
gradients you need for your neural network.
So, your neural network,
with a single hidden layer for now,
will have parameters W1,
B1, W2, and B2.
So, as a reminder,
if you have NX or alternatively N0 input features,
and N1 hidden units,
and N2 output units in our examples.
So far I've only had N2 equals one,
then the matrix W1 will be N1 by N0.
B1 will be an N1 dimensional vector,
so we can write that as N1
by one-dimensional matrix,
really a column vector.
The dimensions of W2 will be N2 by N1,
and the dimension of B2 will be N2 by one.
Right, so far we've only
seen examples where N2 is equal to one,
where you have just one single hidden unit.
So, you also have a cost function
for a neural network.
For now, I'm just going to assume
that you're doing binary classification.
So, in that case,
the cost of your parameters as
follows is going to be one
over M of the average of that loss function.
So, L here is the loss when your
neural network predicts Y hat, right.
This is really A2 when the
gradient label is equal to Y.
If you're doing binary classification,
the loss function can be exactly what
you use for logistic regression earlier.
So, to train the parameters of your algorithm,
you need to perform gradient descent.
When training a neural network,
it is important to initialize the parameters
randomly rather than to all zeros.
We'll see later why that's the case,
but after initializing the parameter
to something,
each loop or gradient descents
with computed predictions.
So, you basically compute your Y hat I,
for I equals one through M, say.
Then, you need to compute the derivative.
So, you need to compute DW1,
and that's the derivative of the cost function
with respect to the parameter W1,
you can compute another variable,
shall I call DB1,
which is the derivative or the slope
of your cost function with
respect to the variable B1 and so on.
Similarly for the other parameters W2 and B2.
Then finally, the gradient descent update
would be to update W1 as W1 minus Alpha.
The learning rate times D, W1.
B1 gets updated as B1 minus the learning rate,
times DB1, and similarly for W2 and B2.
Sometimes, I use colon equals
and sometimes equals,
as either notation works fine.
So, this would be one iteration
of gradient descent,
and then you repeat this some number of
times until your parameters
look like they're converging.
So, in previous videos,
we talked about how to
compute the predictions,
how to compute the outputs,
and we saw how to do that in
a vectorized way as well.
So, the key is to know how to compute
these partial derivative terms,
the DW1, DB1 as well as the
derivatives DW2 and DB2.
So, what I'd like to do is just give you
the equations you need in order to
compute these derivatives.
I'll defer to the next video, which
is an optional video, to go
greater into Jeff about how we
came up with those formulas.
So, let me just summarize again
the equations for propagation.
So, you have Z1 equals W1X plus B1,
and then A1 equals the activation function
in that layer applied element wise as Z1,
and then Z2 equals W2,
A1 plus V2, and then finally,
just as all vectorized across your training set, right?
A2 is equal to G2 of Z2.
Again, for now, if we assume we're
doing binary classification,
then this activation function really
should be the sigmoid function,
same just for that end neural.
So, that's the forward propagation or the left to
right for computation for your neural network.
Next, let's compute the derivatives.
So, this is the back propagation step.
Then I compute DZ2 equals A2
minus the gradient of Y,
and just as a reminder,
all this is vectorized across examples.
So, the matrix Y is this one by
M matrix that lists all of your M
examples stacked horizontally.
Then it turns out DW2 is equal to this,
and in fact, these first three equations are
very similar to gradient descents
for logistic regression.
X is equals one,
comma, keep dims equals true.
Just a little detail this np.sum is
a Python NumPy command for summing
across one-dimension of a matrix.
In this case, summing horizontally,
and what keepdims does is,
it prevents Python from
outputting one of those funny
rank one arrays, right?
Where the dimensions was your N comma.
So, by having keepdims equals true,
this ensures that Python outputs for
DB a vector that is N by one.
In fact, technically this will be I guess N2 by one.
In this case, it's just a one by one number,
so maybe it doesn't matter.
But later on, we'll see when it really matters.
So, so far what we've done is very
similar to logistic regression.
But now as you continue to
run back propagation,
you will compute this,
DZ2 times G1 prime of Z1.
So, this quantity G1 prime is
the derivative of whether it was the activation
function you use for the hidden layer,
and for the output layer,
I assume that you are doing binary
classification with the sigmoid function.
So, that's already baked
into that formula for DZ2,
and his times is element-wise product.
So, this here is going to be an N1
by M matrix, and this here,
this element-wise derivative thing is
also going to be an N1 by N matrix,
and so this times there is an element-wise
product of two matrices.
Then finally, DW1 is equal to that,
and DB1 is equal to this,
and p.sum DZ1 axis
equals one, keepdims equals true.
So, whereas previously the keepdims
maybe matter less if N2 is equal to one.
Result is just a one by one
thing, is just a real number.
Here, DB1 will be a N1 by one vector,
and so you want Python, you want Np.sons.
I'll put something of this dimension rather
than a funny rank one array
of that dimension which could end up
messing up some of your data calculations.
The other way would be to not
have to keep the parameters,
but to explicitly reshape the
output of NP.sum into this dimension,
which you would like DB to have.
So, that was forward propagation
in I guess four equations,
and back-propagation in I guess six equations.
I know I just wrote down these equations,
but in the next optional video,
let's go over some intuitions for how
the six equations for the back
propagation algorithm were derived.
Please feel free to watch that or not.
But either way, if you
implement these algorithms,
you will have a correct implementation
of forward prop and back prop.
You'll be able to compute the derivatives
you need in order to apply gradient descent,
to learn the parameters of your neural network.
It is possible to implement this algorithm and
get it to work without deeply
understanding the calculus.
A lot of successful deep
learning practitioners do so.
But, if you want,
you can also watch the next video,
just to get a bit more intuition of
what the derivation of these equations.